Updates the Unity SDK docs with new SetData methods on spans & transa… (#13457)
getsentry/sentry-docs: platform-includes/performance/improving-data/unity.mdx

## Improving Data on Transactions and Spans

### Adding Data Attributes to Transactions

> You can add data attributes to your transactions. This data is visible in the trace explorer in Sentry. Data attributes can be of type `string`, `number` or `boolean`, as well as arrays of these types:

Reviewer: suggestion: We support more types than Strings, Numbers, Boolean and Arrays in the .NET SDK.

See https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/blob/1f56e7ef8dfb37c9b9ffbd04d155992933f780b6/src/Sentry/Internal/Extensions/JsonExtensions.cs#L475-L478

Not sure how to convey that concisely.
Perhaps something like

```suggestion
You can add data attributes to your transactions. This data is visible in the trace explorer in Sentry. Data attributes can be of any type serializable by `System.Text.Json`:
```

What do you think?
Please apply your change to the sentence below, too.

Reviewer: Or wait ... am I wrong here? @bruno-garcia it's more about what Sentry supports rather than the Sentry .NET SDK, right? Should the docs say something like:
```
... Data attributes can be of type `String`, `Boolean` or any numeric type, as well as arrays of these types:
```

Author: Think an object can be passed but it will be unboxed into one of these types?

<img width="666" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/f27f9abd-22bc-4498-9ccb-241d657e2e57" />

Reviewer: Indeed. `SetData` boxes value types to `System.Object`. And when serializing to JSON, depending on the actual type, may unbox value types again, and serialize on a per-type-basis, where we support integral and floating-point numeric types, `DateTime(Offset)`, `TimeOnly`, `DateOnly`, `TimeSpan`, Dictionary-like types, types that implement `IFormattable`, Sentry types that implement `ISentryJsonSerializable`, and a fallback trying to serialize it in a binary fashion, all mostly via `System.Text.Json`.
I'm a bit uncertain how to put that concisely. But perhaps we also shouldn't mention too many of the .NET SDKs implementation details.
So maybe mentioning the "queryable" types is the way to go.
But I am quite uncertain.

What do you think?

Author: I think queryable types is the way to go as that's how users will end up interacting with it in the Sentry UI. 

I can add a mention that objects will be unboxed to a primitive without getting into the details for clarity.

Author: Done. A bit redundant to have the same instructions for Transaction and Spans but I favor being explicit and readability while both models and apis exist. 

<img width="600" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2c3062c5-b1ad-4c60-a999-c362e301b1ed" />

```csharp

> var transaction = SentrySdk.StartTransaction("ProcessOrderBatch()", "task");

Reviewer: Please add the following line to set the new Transaction in the current Scope.

```suggestion
var transaction = SentrySdk.StartTransaction("ProcessOrderBatch()", "task");
SentrySdk.ConfigureScope(scope => scope.Transaction = transaction);
```

transaction.SetData("my-data-attribute-1", "value1");
transaction.SetData("my-data-attribute-2", 42);
transaction.SetData("my-data-attribute-3", true);

transaction.SetData("my-data-attribute-4", new[] {"value1", "value2", "value3"});
transaction.SetData("my-data-attribute-5", new[] {42, 43, 44});
transaction.SetData("my-data-attribute-6", new[] {true, false, true});
```

### Adding Data Attributes to Spans

You can add data attributes to your spans. This data is visible in the trace explorer in Sentry. Data attributes can be of type `string`, `number` or `boolean`, as well as arrays of these types:

```csharp
var span = parent.StartChild("task", "operation");
span.SetData("my-data-attribute-1", "value1");
span.SetData("my-data-attribute-2", 42);
span.SetData("my-data-attribute-3", true);

span.SetData("my-data-attribute-4", new[] {"value1", "value2", "value3"});
span.SetData("my-data-attribute-5", new[] {42, 43, 44});
span.SetData("my-data-attribute-6", new[] {true, false, true});
```

### Adding Attributes to all Spans and Transactions

To add an attribute to all spans and transactions, use the `SetBeforeSendTransaction` callback:

> 

Author: Got 2 examples of this from other sdk docs.. wondering which is preferred? How does setting data on a transaction differ from setting it on the trace? 

<img width="943" alt="Screenshot 2025-04-23 at 1 30 05 PM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7ef95be2-3514-4008-8072-dd165de8b8e0" />

Reviewer: Good point. Let's make it consistent.
I prefer the upper variant from the screenshot. It's a bit less code. And we have that style in related C# docs as well.

Author: Given [this](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/issues/4140), should we go with the 2nd?

Reviewer: Perhaps for now, yes.
And we could then update the docs _should_ we go ahead with the fix (getsentry/sentry-dotnet#4148) and _when_ we've published it.

## Improving Data on Transactions and Spans

### Adding Data Attributes to Transactions

You can add data attributes to your transactions. This data is visible in the trace explorer in Sentry. Data attributes can be of type `string`, `number` or `boolean`, as well as arrays of these types:

```csharp

> ITransaction transaction = SentrySdk.StartTransaction("processOrderBatch()", "task");

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
var transaction = SentrySdk.StartTransaction("ProcessOrderBatch()", "task");
```

Author: done

transaction.SetData("my-data-attribute-1", "value1");
transaction.SetData("my-data-attribute-2", 42);
transaction.SetData("my-data-attribute-3", true);

transaction.SetData("my-data-attribute-4", new[] {"value1", "value2", "value3"});
transaction.SetData("my-data-attribute-5", new[] {42, 43, 44});
transaction.SetData("my-data-attribute-6", new[] {true, false, true});
```

> 
> <Alert level="info">
> The <code>SetExtra</code> method is still supported but has been deprecated in favor of <code>SetData</code>.
> </Alert>

Reviewer 2: Code itself already does the job of warning and since we didn't document SetExtra for thise use case before I think it's fine to remove the note:

https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/blob/b1d397211d0070665725ea003f1c4356b1748ff9/src/Sentry/SentryTransaction.cs#L342-L344

```suggestion
```

### Adding Data Attributes to Spans

You can add data attributes to your spans. This data is visible in the trace explorer in Sentry. Data attributes can be of type `string`, `number` or `boolean`, as well as arrays of these types:

```csharp

> ISpan span = parent.StartChild("task", "operation");

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
var span = parent.StartChild("task", "operation");
```

span.SetData("my-data-attribute-1", "value1");
span.SetData("my-data-attribute-2", 42);
span.SetData("my-data-attribute-3", true);

span.SetData("my-data-attribute-4", new[] {"value1", "value2", "value3"});
span.SetData("my-data-attribute-5", new[] {42, 43, 44});
span.SetData("my-data-attribute-6", new[] {true, false, true});
```

### Adding Attributes to all Spans and Transactions

> To add an attribute to all spans and transactions, use the `BeforeSendTransaction` callback:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To add an attribute to all spans and transactions, use the `SetBeforeSendTransaction` callback:
```
